Combinatorics Mobile Application Terms of Use
To protect our data collections from abuse or exploitation by a small number of users, we need you to agree to, and abide by, the Terms of Use ("Terms") described herein. These Terms are a contract you have to agree to before using the Combinatorics mobile application. We reserve the right to cut off use by those who abuse the Application, or to limit access to Combinatorics in any other way for any reason.
Methods of Access
The Combinatorics mobile application may be installed on any authorized Android OS device (collectively "Handhelds") owned and primarily used by you (for the avoidance of doubt, you cannot rent, loan, or otherwise provide your device or the application to others for their regular use) and used only by a human being. Because Combinatorics is doing computation, not just data lookup, each query may require significant CPU time on multiple parallel servers. Any attempt to use a robot, script, or organized group of humans to repeatedly access our data could place an unacceptable load on the system, and is strictly forbidden.
Ways You May Use This Application and Its Results
This Combinatorics mobile application is available for ad hoc, personal, non-commercial use only. For such use you are welcome to download results, print copies, store downloaded content on your Handheld or computer, and reference this information in your documents. You may use it to get information for your own use for any purpose, including occasional purposes related to your job, as long as you are not specifically being paid to use the Application or the Website.
Reporting Incorrect or Infringing Material
If you find something in Combinatorics that you feel is incorrect, we encourage you to report it; we take great pride in making the information we provide as accurate as possible. Use the feedback form provided with each result to report any errors. If you find something in Combinatorics that you believe to be a violation of a copyright or other right that you personally hold, we want to know so we can correct the problem.
Interpretation of Terms and Changes
We may choose to correct or amend these Terms of Use at any time. If you are concerned about tracking changes to these Terms of Use, it is your responsibility to check the terms regularly.